Treasure Hunt 

Video Demo:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8zbCyVVI3k>

Description:
My final project name is Treasure Hunt. This is a 2D game I made using Love2d and Lua. All you have to do in this game is collect all the 'Gems' you find when spinning around this map. And don't forget there are some dangers too. So be careful or you will Die!

I wrote several files for this project and used some copyright-free assets downloaded from the internet. 'main.lua' file is the main file in this project. It's like the control panel. This file contains all the main functions from other files. When the game is launched all the data runs through here. Simply this file controls the whole game. First, it requires all the files we want to use. After that, it loads the files inside of 'love.load' function. And then it updates them all in the 'love.update' function and draws what we want to draw from the 'love.draw' function. Also, this file includes the background music track and the background picture.

After that, we have a 'player' file. It includes all the character functions that we want in this game. Like character animations, how this character takes damage, game physics, and what it should do when we press a key. Inside this file, there is the load function. It includes all the character details like character width, height, x position, y position, player speed, etc. And some game physics that we want to apply. After that, there is the assets function. It includes character animation details. Also, I wrote takeDamage, respawn and die functions. That's how when player gets damaged, it turns red for a moment and respawns in the starting position when it dies.

And we have an 'enemy' file. Like in the player file this file includes enemies character functions and animations. In this file, there is the 'new' function. Like in the player load function, this function includes enemies x position, y position, enemy speed, and some variables that are needed for animation. And then the 'loadAssests' function. This includes enemy animation and damage sound when it collides with the player. Also, there is a 'flipDirection' function. When it collides with something, it flips its direction and walks. The 'gems' file includes its spinning animations, sounds, and functions for collision. So then the player can pick it up. And I wrote a 'camera' file to control the camera movements. When the player moves the camera also moves with the player. 

In this file, we have the 'setPosition' function. Inside of this it tracks the players positions and moves the camera with it. So this file includes all the functions for the thing that needs to happen. There is a file named 'conf'. This file contains some configuration settings for the game application. Application title, what icon to show, and window width and height. After that, we have a 'gui' file. This file controls and shows the GUI things in the game. Like how many gems you collect, and how much health you have. Inside of that file, we have the load function. It includes information about gems and hearts. After that, there are three functions to display hearts, gems, and text. As you can see there is a 'map' file. This file contains some functions to control all the map settings. It loads the game world. 

All the maps, levels, and objects in this game. Inside this files load function, there is a variable called 'STI'. This is a library to read all the maps that we create using Tiled. Next, we have a 'sound' file. It includes some functions to control all the sound settings. For example with this, we can control the volume of any soundtrack. So, that's all I guess. Thank you!